It was pointed out that fake news about Lee Kang-in, who was at the center of the so-called "table tennis gate" after he was known to have a quarrel within the Korean national soccer team ahead of the semifinals of the Qatar Asian Cup, has been continuously posted on YouTube.

According to "Filer," an artificial intelligence (AI) company that analyzes video content context on the 3rd, a total of 361 videos and 195 channels were identified as fake news content related to Lee Kang-in from the 14th of last month to the 27th of last month when the issue was known, and advertisements were blocked.

The total number of views of the videos is estimated to be 69.48,099 times.

According to the fake news videos, "Lee Kang-in intentionally witnessed assault before my eyes: Clinsman, Son Heung-min's beating case revealed, Lee Kang-in, Son Heung-min's hand broke video leaked," and "Lee Kang-in's uniform is no longer for sale...It contains provocative titles and thumbnails such as "the imminent release of PSG, undisclosed dogmatic scenes vs. shock, the end of the national team's life," and "Lee Kang-in's family company's aerial decomposition crisis" when he was exposed in the third subversion of Lee Kang-in.

Filer estimated that about 700 million won in revenue would have been generated based on the above views.

Recently, a YouTube channel with about 60,000 subscribers said, "(Breaking News) Lee Kang-in has terminated his contract of 28 billion won, and PSG Seoul Store has been completely suspended! He also posted a video titled "Angry owner Lee Kang-in goes to the second division!" In the video, a reporter said, "The PSG owner made a shocking judgment. "With the image of Lee Kang-in, who has fallen, he ordered that he was no longer allowed to play in the first team," he said. "PSG is also considering Lee Kang-in's future."

This was fake news with no evidence. Despite the fact that it is false, the video has exceeded 500,000 views since it was uploaded, and it is making profits by exposing advertisements to the video.

Filer said, "When we check the YouTube profit forecast calculator, the channel is expected to have benefited from at least 14 million won to 32 million won in the last 30 days."


"Due to the nature of YouTube advertisements, it is impossible for advertisers to check which pages the advertisements are exposed to one by one," he said, pointing out that it is necessary to block inappropriate advertisement exposure and fake news creator sponsorship structures by using artificial intelligence ad-tech solutions.
