One Direction 'to reunite in full' for James Corden's last ever Late Late Show

One Direction are rumoured to be reuniting in full as some of the last ever guests on James Corden’s The Late Late Show.

The actor and comedian will present the final episode of his hugely successful US talk show on April 27.

While exact details of the shows – dubbed The Last Last Late Late Shows - have been kept under wraps, we know big stars like the Kardashians are set to make an appearance.

Tom Cruise, Ben Affleck, Mila Kunis, Seth Meyers, Kate Hudson, Bryan Cranston, Billy Porter and Sharon Stone are also among the stars to join Corden in the show’s final weeks.

But the biggest get for self-confessed boy band lover James would be to land an interview with the full line-up of 1D.The rumour mill went into overdrive when popular celebrity gossip outlet DeuxMoi claimed 1D were set to appear alongside Tom Cruise for Corden’s final show.

And eagle-eyed fans were quick to fuel the speculation by pointing out that the boys appeared to have cleared their schedules for this to potentially happen.

Harry Styles won’t resume his Love On Tour until May, meaning he’d have time to pop in for a chat with Corden.

Former bandmate Niall Horan, now a judge on the US version of The Voice, isn’t touring until May either, meaning he is also free.

And Louis Tomlinson cancelled the Asian leg of his Faith in the Future tour, which was due to happen between April 17 and April 27.

The singer is offering refunds to all those who bought tickets and said the cancellations were down to “unforeseen circumstances”.

Liam Payne was spotted in London this week - and apart from an upcoming celebrity boxing match against Tommy Fury looks to have time to fit The Late Late Show into his schedule.

Sources close to Liam recently told OK! Magazine : "Liam is desperate to get back on the road with the boys, his solo career hasn't remained as successful as he hoped it would, and work has become stagnant for him.

"He knows he's somewhat fallen out of favour with the public, and believes the only way he'll be able to win back his fans is with a One Direction reunion."

Even Zayn Malik – who famously left the band in 2015 – has recently popped back up on social media after a long hiatus.

As well as appearing on The Late Late Show, there are rumours 1D could even perform at Glastonbury this year if they do get back together.

Niall added further fuel to the fire as he recently confessed to sending unreleased songs to his former bandmates to get their honest opinion – revealing they are all still in touch.

The Mirror has reached out to One Directions reps for further comment on this story.

Source: https://www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/one-direction-to-reunite-full-29701895?_ga=2.90582874.1146261501.1712849207-388907179.1712849208

