Chelsea urged to make double Man Utd transfer raid including Bruno Fernandes
Former Chelsea star William Gallas has encouraged the Blues to try and sign Manchester United stars Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford

Chelsea have been urged to pursue Manchester United duo Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford by former Stamford Bridge star William Gallas.

Moves between the two clubs, especially for players at their peak, are rare. But Mason Mount's switch in the summer proved that such transfers can occur if the conditions suit. Fernandes is the skipper at Old Trafford but his attitude has been criticised in the past.

A new manager, who could replacement Erik ten Hag in the summer, may yet take a different view to Fernandes calling out his team-mates, with the Portuguese playmaker unable to make United a trophy-winning force during his time at the club.

Rashford delivered the best season of his career last year but has endured a poor campaign so far and has seen his attitude questioned. A move away from Manchester has been suggested by some with Chelsea needing to add more firepower and Gallas believes the duo would be shrewd recruits.He told Gambling Zone: “Both Marcus Rashford and Bruno Fernandes could be good options for Chelsea. Both are quality players. Bruno could definitely be the kind of midfielder who has the quality to play in the number ten role where Chelsea lack strength.

“Chelsea are a team of young players and Bruno Fernandes has the leadership qualities to get through certain periods. He’d be a good signing if the rumours are true.”

Chelsea have spent huge sums since their takeover almost two years ago - albeit that hasn't resulted in any success. Few of their recruits have hit the heights expected with Raheem Sterling among them. The forward was hugely prolific at Manchester City, but has struggled to replicate those numbers in west London.

The Englishman was recently booed by a section of the crowd during a recent win over Leicester City with Gallas sympathising with the fans' frustration.

He said: “Sterling’s statistics speak for themselves, when he was at Manchester City he was scoring many more goals than now he’s at Chelsea. Right now, his performances are not good enough for his second season, so if you look right now his numbers are not great either.

"If the fans are not happy with him, then maybe that’s fair because when he was in Liverpool or Manchester he had great seasons. Since he’s signed for Chelsea, he has not performed in the same way as he did before and it’s understandable if some fans want to see him leave.”

Join our new WhatsApp community and receive your daily dose of Mirror Football content. We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don't like our community, you can check out any time you like. If you're curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.

Source: https://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/chelsea-manutd-fernandes-rashford-future-32536091
